bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^3pas.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; W0WGW
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^acsurvey.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; qt5qc
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^adbuilder.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; IqDec
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^adm.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; cURBv
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^an-eu.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; NnLcv
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^an.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; 9KULg
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^api.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; gUjYO
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^auth.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; 48z4n
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^beta-www.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; NM5IP
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^blog.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; 9TMxP
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^bluesky.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; BqbGL
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^buyvideo.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; IQyiv
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^caw.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; X4NIG
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^cla.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; zqwCQ
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^console.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; eOxR7
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^developer.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; lLFbP
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^developers.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; NUdym
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^exchange.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; 5DNGN
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^experience.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; z79lU
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^ftp.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; H3LVV
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^go.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; uYNrv
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^info.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; l1IZb
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^insights.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; KGlO5
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^login.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; ESEFw
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^mail.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; 1qIhS
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^marketing.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; aoTOz
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^mobile-imps.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; EfAzA
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^mobile.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; P3AKd
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^mp.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; dtyVW
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^publisher.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; N200o
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^research.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; nQ5yT
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^sandbox.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; Y5M3w
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^sbinv.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; 1U4qg
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^sell.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; eOs5n
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^stage-www.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; VyMcK
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^tags.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; u9hgU
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^test.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; bRhP1
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^tools.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; ghh3O
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^tpb.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; KAMuJ
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^www.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; rGLsO
bounties ; test_liveWebApp ; Domain^www3.brightroll.com , Research Only^False ; False ; DLQ7w
